Add Documentation for Astronomer Hosted Data Plane (#1338)
astronomer/docs: astro/hosted-dataplane.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Hosted dataplane'

> title: 'Install Astro on the Astronomer dataplane'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Install Astro on an Astronomer-hosted cloud'
```
"Astronomer data plane" is still how some customers might think of the BYO data plane, I think we should be explicit about the hosting aspect here. I'm also not sure we need to mention "Data plane" too explicitly until we explain what the installation process is.

id: hosted-dataplane

> description: Install Astro clusters on the Astronomer dataplane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get started with Astro on Astronomer's own cloud.
```

> ---

Reviewer: Before this review is done, I'll try to get a custom image of the Astro logo to include in the menu for these docs :)

> This is where you'll find instructions for completing the Astro installation process on the Astronomer dataplane, including prerequisites and the steps required to allow Astronomer support to provision resources in your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where you'll find instructions for completing the Astro installation process on the Astronomer data plane, including prerequisites and the steps required to allow Astronomer support to provision resources in your network.

Creating Astro clusters on Astronomer's cloud eliminates the need for Astronomer to have privileged access to your own cloud. All data hosted in Astronomer's guide is treated in accordance with Astronomer's HIIPAA, SOC2, and GDPR certifications. 
```

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: We could also include VPC peering prerequisites for AWS and GCP here, since those would be the same. Although it might be better to link out to our Connectivity docs for those procedures instead.

Author: @jwitz a bullet has been added with this information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This setup assumes that you've already provided Astronomer with: 

- A preferred cloud provider of either Amazon Web Services (AWS) or Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
- A preferred region to install your first cluster in. See region lists for [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions_az/) and [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones).
- Optional. A preferred worker instance type for your first cluster. See [AWS cluster configurations](resource-reference-aws.md#worker-node-types) and [GCP cluster configurations](resource-reference-gcp.md#worker-node-pools).
- An email address for your first Astro user.

If you haven't yet provided this information to Astronomer, contact your Astronomer representative. 
```

## Step 1: Let Astronomer complete the install

> Once you've provided Astronomer with the information for your setup, Astronomer finishes creating your first cluster on the Astronomer dataplane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've provided Astronomer with the information for your setup, Astronomer finishes creating your first cluster on Astronomer's cloud.
```

This process can take some time. Wait for confirmation that the installation is successful before creating a Deployment.

> 

Reviewer: We need a log in step here - it can be identical to the one in the BYO doc

Author: @jwitz - done

---
sidebar_label: 'Hosted cloud'
title: 'Install Astro on an Astronomer-hosted cloud'

> id: hosted-dataplane

Reviewer: Nitpicky but can we make the file name / id `hosted-data-plane` or `install-astro-hosted`?

description: Get started with Astro on the Astronomer-hosted cloud.
---

> This is where you'll find instructions for completing the Astro installation process on the Astronomer-hosted cloud.

Reviewer: Let's remove all mention of Azure from this doc.
